RHDEVDOCS-5940: Draft content for Argo CD CR properties and Repo Server table (#81201)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-argo-cd-properties.adoc

[options="header"]
|===
|Name |Description |Default |Properties

|`applicationInstanceLabelKey` |The `metadata.label` key name where Argo CD injects the app name as a tracking label.|`app.kubernetes.io/instance` |

> |`aggregatedClusterRoles`    |The aggregation of several `ClusterRoles` for a cluster-scoped instance. | `__<empty>__` |

Reviewer: Fields should be in alphabetical order, AFAICT.

Author: Fixed.

> |`aggregatedClusterRoles`    |The aggregation of several `ClusterRoles` for a cluster-scoped instance. | `__<empty>__` |

Author: Fixed.

> |`applicationSet` |`applicationSet` controller configuration options. | `_<object>_`

Author: Fixed.

> a|* `<image>` - The container image for the `applicationSet` controller. This overrides the `ARGOCD_APPLICATIONSET_IMAGE` environment variable.

Author: Fixed.

  * `<version>` - The tag to use with the `applicationSet` container image.

>   * `<enabled>` - The flag to use to enable the Application Set controller during Argo CD installation.

Author: Fixed.

>   * `<env>` - Specify the environment for Application Set controller pods.

Author: Fixed.

  * `<resources>` - The container compute resources.
  * `<logLevel>` - The log level used by the Argo CD Application Controller component. Valid options are `debug`, `info`, `error`, and `warn`.

>   * `<logFormat>` - The log format used by the Argo CD Application Controller component. Valid options are `text` or `json`.

Author: Fixed.

>   * `<parallelismLimit>` - The kubectl parallelism limit to set for the controller (`--kubectl-parallelism-limit` flag).

Author: Fixed.

  * `sourceNamespaces` - The list of non-control plane namespaces for creating and managing Argo CD `ApplicationSet` resources in target namespaces.

>   * `scmProviders` - The list of URLs of the allowed Source Code Manager (SCM) Providers.

Author: Fixed.

>   * `<scmRootCAConfigMap>` - The name of the ConfigMap that stores the Gitlab SCM Provider's TLS certificate which will be mounted on the Application Set Controller at the "/app/tls/scm/cert" path.

Author: Fixed.

>   * `webhookServer` - Defines the available options for the Application Set Webhook Server component.  

Reviewer: Why do some fields start with `<` and `>` and some don't? What is the criteria used to determine which to use?

It seems like `<` and `>` are used in the case where the field is an object, rather than a string/int/bool, but if this is true there are cases where `<` and `>` are incorrectly applied (`env`, for example)

Author: Hey @jgwest - I am unsure about the reasoning behind putting this in brackets. Your logic seems a good reason why it may be put as is but for the time being, I would like to put all the properties under brackets. When we attempt to restructure and redesign the section, I would like to go ahead and find out the exact reason why. I checked the YAML page of the Argo CD operator tab and I found out that YAML does not accept < > values all. But if I use that logic, I may need to remove the brackets from each property, which may open another can of worms.

Reviewer: Re: modifying the `<` and `>` values, if you'd like we can do it as part of a separate PR, to unblock this PR. 

In general, it would be good to know why these are used. My follow up questions would be:
- Is this an OpenShift Docs convention? e.g. something that is done for all OpenShift documentation
    - If so, is there someone we can ask to figure out when `<` and `>` should be used?
- If not, was this something the GitOps team unilaterally invented? If so, we could probably look at who initially contributed these values, and ask.

In either case, we should not keep doing the wrong thing just because we did it in the past. We should figure what the right thing to do is, and start doing that.

Author: Yes, we can track this activity in a separate PR as I can move this PR further on the review ladder.

>   * `webhookServer` - Defines the available options for the Application Set Webhook Server component.  

Reviewer: :+1: for removing 'component'. IMHO that word is not adding anything here, and I would not describe the webhook server as one of the main 'component's of Argo CD.

>   * `webhookServer` - Defines the available options for the Application Set Webhook Server component.  

Author: Fixed.

[options="header"]
|===
|Name |Description |Default |Properties

|`applicationInstanceLabelKey` |The `metadata.label` key name where Argo CD injects the app name as a tracking label.|`app.kubernetes.io/instance` |

|`aggregatedClusterRoles`    |The aggregation of several cluster roles for a cluster-scoped instance. | `__<empty>__` |

> |`applicationSet` |The ApplicationSet Controller configuration options. | `_<object>_`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`applicationSet` |The ApplicationSet controller configuration options. | `_<object>_`
```
In the Argo CD documentation, I generally see "controller" lowercase in the phrase "ApplicationSet controller".

Author: Hi @lahinson, in the gitops documentation under the section [Glossary of common terms for OpenShift GitOps](https://81661--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/openshift-gitops/latest/understanding_openshift_gitops/about-redhat-openshift-gitops#gitops-openshift-go-common-terms_about-redhat-openshift-gitops) we've used capital C for Application Controller so I would like to stick to it to maintain consistency. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Thanks for letting me know. Using the capital C to maintain consistency sounds reasonable.

> a|* `<image>` - The container image for the ApplicationSet Controller. This overrides the `ARGOCD_APPLICATIONSET_IMAGE` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a|* `<image>` - The container image for the ApplicationSet controller. This property overrides the `ARGOCD_APPLICATIONSET_IMAGE` environment variable.
```
Per IBM Style, avoid ambiguous pronoun references: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-pronouns#ambiguous-pronoun-references

Author: Discussed it further with Laura on Slack so I am not fixing this comment to maintain consistency for the word "Controller" throughout the GitOps documentation.

  * `<version>` - The tag to use with the `applicationSet` container image.

>   * `<enabled>` - The flag to use to enable the ApplicationSet Controller during Argo CD installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `<enabled>` - The flag to use to enable the ApplicationSet controller during the Argo CD installation.
```

Author: Fixed.

>   * `<env>` - Specify the environment for ApplicationSet Controller pods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `<env>` - Specify the environment for ApplicationSet controller pods.
```

Author: Discussed it further with Laura on Slack so I am not fixing this comment to maintain consistency for the word "Controller" throughout the GitOps documentation.

  * `<resources>` - The container compute resources.
  * `<logLevel>` - The log level used by the Argo CD Application Controller component. Valid options are `debug`, `info`, `error`, and `warn`.
  * `<logFormat>` - The log format used by the Argo CD Application Controller component. Valid options are `text` and `json`.
  * `<parallelismLimit>` - The kubectl parallelism limit to set for the controller (the `--kubectl-parallelism-limit` flag).
  * `sourceNamespaces` - The list of non-control plane namespaces for creating and managing Argo CD `ApplicationSet` resources in target namespaces.

>   * `scmProviders` - The list of URLs of the allowed Source Code Manager (SCM) providers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `scmProviders` - The URLs of the allowed Source Code Manager (SCM) providers.
```

Author: Fixed.

>   * `<scmRootCAConfigMap>` - The name of the config map that stores the Gitlab SCM Provider's TLS certificate which will be mounted on the Application Set Controller at the "/app/tls/scm/cert" path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `<scmRootCAConfigMap>` - The name of the config map that stores the Gitlab SCM Provider's TLS certificate that will be mounted on the Application Set Controller at the "/app/tls/scm/cert" path.
```
From the "Conjunctions" topic in IBM Style: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-conjunctions
>Use _that_, without a comma, to introduce a restrictive clause. Use _which_, preceded by a comma, to introduce a nonrestrictive clause.
>
>Consider the following examples:
>
>The system units, which have two drives, are floor-standing models. (Nonrestrictive)
>The system units that have two drives are floor-standing models. (Restrictive)

Author: Fixed.

  * `<webhookServer>` - Defines the available options for the ApplicationSet webhook server.

> |`banner` |Add a UI banner message.|`__<object>__`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`banner` |Adds a UI banner message.|`__<object>__`
```

Author: Fixed.

> a|* `<banner.content>` - The banner message content (required if a banner is displayed).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a|* `<banner.content>` - The banner message content. This content is required if a banner is displayed.
```

Author: Fixed.

>   * `<banner.url>` - The banner message link URL (optional).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `<banner.url>` - An optional banner message link URL.
```

Author: Fixed.

> |`configManagementPlugins`    |Add a configuration management plugin.| `__<empty>__` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`configManagementPlugins`    |Adds a configuration management plugin.| `__<empty>__` |
```

Author: Fixed.

  * `<sharding.dynamicScalingEnabled>` - Enable dynamic scaling of the Argo CD Application Controller component. Use this property to allow the Operator to scale the number of replicas based on the number of clusters the controller component is managing presently. Setting this property to `true` overrides the configuration of the `sharding.enabled` and `sharding.replicas` properties.
  * `<sharding.minShards>` - The minimum number of Argo CD Application Controller replicas.
  * `<sharding.maxShards>` - The maximum number of Argo CD Application Controller replicas.
  * `<sharding.clustersPerShard>` - The number of clusters that need to be managed by each shard. When the replica count reaches the `maxShards`, the shards manage more than one cluster.
  * `<env>` - Environment to set for the application controller workloads.
  * `sourceNamespaces` - The list of non-control plane namespaces for creating and managing Argo CD `Application` resources in target namespaces.

|`disableAdmin`    |Disables the built-in admin user.|`false` |

> |`defaultClusterScopedRoleDisabled`    |Disables the creation of default `ClusterRoles` for a cluster-scoped instance. | |

Author: Fixed.

> |`ExtraConfig`    |Add any supplementary Argo CD settings to the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap that cannot be configured directly within the Argo CD Custom Resource.|`__<empty>__` |

Reviewer: Fields should always begin with a lowercase letter, so `ExtraConfig` -> `extraConfig`

> |`ExtraConfig`    |Add any supplementary Argo CD settings to the `argocd-cm` ConfigMap that cannot be configured directly within the Argo CD Custom Resource.|`__<empty>__` |

Author: Fixed.

|`gaTrackingID`    |Use a Google Analytics tracking ID.|`__<empty>__` |

> |`gaAnonymizeUsers`    |Enable hashed usernames sent to google analytics.|`false` |

Author: Fixed.

> |`grafana`    |Define the Grafana server options for Argo CD.| `__<object>__`

Reviewer: `Grafana` field is deprecated, so we probably shouldn't add it here.

Author: Thanks for this observation. I am removing Grafana and it's properties.

a|* `<enabled>` - Toggle Grafana support globally for Argo CD.

>   * `<host>` - The hostname to use for Ingress or Route resources.

Author: Fixed.

  * `<image>` - The container image for Grafana in Argo CD.
  * `<ingress>` - Ingress configuration options for Grafana in Argo CD.
  * `<resources>` - The container compute resources.
  * `<route>` - Route configuration options.
  * `<size>` - The replica count for the Grafana deployment.
  * `<version>` - The image tag for the Grafana container.

> |`ha`    |High availablity options.| `__<object>__`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`ha`    |High-availability options.| `__<object>__`
```

Reviewer 3: It is with hyphen if adjective

Author: Fixed.

> a|* `<enabled>` - Toggle high availability support globally for Argo CD.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
a|* `<enabled>` - Toggle high-availability support globally for Argo CD.
```

Author: Fixed.

>   * `<sharding.dynamicScalingEnabled>` - Enable dynamic scaling of the Argo CD Application Controller component. Use this property to allow the Operator to scale the number of replicas based on the number of clusters the controller component is managing presently. Setting this property to `true` overrides the configuration of the `sharding.enabled` and `sharding.replicas` properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `<sharding.dynamicScalingEnabled>` - Enables the dynamic scaling of the Argo CD Application Controller component. Use this property if you want the Operator to scale the number of replicas based on the number of clusters the controller component is managing. If you set this property to `true`, it overrides the configuration of the `sharding.enabled` and `sharding.replicas` properties.
```

Author: Fixed.

  * `<sharding.maxShards>` - The maximum number of Argo CD Application Controller replicas.
  * `<sharding.clustersPerShard>` - The number of clusters that need to be managed by each shard. When the replica count reaches the `maxShards`, the shards manage more than one cluster.
  * `<env>` - Environment to set for the application controller workloads.
  * `sourceNamespaces` - The list of non-control plane namespaces for creating and managing Argo CD `Application` resources in target namespaces.

|`disableAdmin`    |Disables the built-in admin user.|`false` |

|`defaultClusterScopedRoleDisabled`    |Disables the creation of default cluster roles for a cluster-scoped instance. | |

|`extraConfig`    |Add any supplementary Argo CD settings to the `argocd-cm` config map that cannot be configured directly within the Argo CD custom resource.|`__<empty>__` |

|`gaTrackingID`    |Use a Google Analytics tracking ID.|`__<empty>__` |

|`gaAnonymizeUsers`    |Enable hashed usernames sent to Google Analytics.|`false` |

|`ha`    |High-availability options.| `__<object>__`
a|* `<enabled>` - Toggle high-availability support globally for Argo CD.

>   * `<redisProxyImage>` - The Redis HAProxy container image. This overrides the `ARGOCD_REDIS_HA_PROXY_IMAGE` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `<redisProxyImage>` - The Redis HAProxy container image. This property overrides the `ARGOCD_REDIS_HA_PROXY_IMAGE` environment variable.
```

Author: Fixed.

|`image`    |The container image for all Argo CD components. This overrides the `ARGOCD_IMAGE` environment variable.|`argoproj/argocd` |

|`import`    |Import configuration options for Argo CD.| `__<object>__`
a|* `<name>` - The name of an `ArgoCDExport` resource from which data can be imported.

>   * `<namespace>` - The namespace for the `ArgoCDExport` resource referenced by `name` field. If this field is not set, the namespace of `ArgoCDExport` resource is set to the same namespace as ArgoCD by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `<namespace>` - The namespace for the `ArgoCDExport` resource that is referenced by `name` field. If this field is not set, the namespace of the `ArgoCDExport` resource is set to the same namespace as Argo CD by default.
```

Author: Fixed.

|`ingress`    |Ingress configuration options.| `__<object>__` |

|`initialRepositories`    |Initial Git repositories to configure Argo CD to use upon creation of the cluster.|`__<empty>__` |

> |`initialSSHKnownHosts`    |Defines initial SSH Known Hosts data for Argo CD to use upon creation of the cluster for connecting Git repositories by SSH.| `__<default_Argo_CD_Known_Hosts>__`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`initialSSHKnownHosts`    |Defines the initial SSH Known Hosts data for Argo CD to use at cluster creation to connect to Git repositories through SSH.| `__<default_Argo_CD_Known_Hosts>__`
```

Author: Fixed.

a|* `<Excludedefaulthosts>` - Indicates whether you want to add the default list of SSH Known Hosts provided by Argo CD.
  * `<keys>` - Describes a custom set of SSH Known Hosts that you want to incorporate into your Argo CD server.

|`kustomizeBuildOptions`    |The build options and parameters to use with `kustomize build`.|`__<empty>__` |

> |`kustomizeVersions`    |Defines a list of `Kustomize` versions that have been configured in the Argo CD repo server container image.|`__<empty>__`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`kustomizeVersions`    |Defines a list of `Kustomize` versions that are configured in the Argo CD repo server container image.|`__<empty>__`
```

a|* `<path>` - The path of the `Kustomize` version in the file system of the Argo CD repo server container image.
  * `<version>` - The `Kustomize` version in the `vX.Y.Z` format configured in the Argo CD repo server container image.

|`monitoring`    |Defines the workload status monitoring configuration for your instance.| `__<object>__`
a|* `<disableMetrics>` - Configure this field to enable or disable the collection of metrics for your instance.
  * `<enabled>` - Indicates whether the workload status monitoring is enabled for your instance.

|`notifications`    |Notifications Controller configuration options.|`__<object>__`
a|* `<enabled>` - The toggle to start the Notifications Controller.

>   * `<env>` -  Environment to set for the Notifications Controller workloads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `<env>` -  The environment to set for the Notifications Controller workloads.
```

Author: Fixed.

>   * `<image>` - The container image for all Argo CD components. This overrides the `ARGOCD_IMAGE` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `<image>` - The container image for all Argo CD components. This property overrides the `ARGOCD_IMAGE` environment variable.
```

Author: Fixed.

  * `<version>` - The tag to use with the Notifications container image.

>   * `<replicas>` - The number of replicas to be executed for the Notifications Controller.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `<replicas>` - The number of replicas to be run for the Notifications Controller.
```
Per IBM Style, use _execute_ with caution, only if a simpler term, such as _run_, _issue_, _start_, or _enter_ is inappropriate.

Author: Fixed.

  * `<resources>` - The container compute resources.
  * `<logLevel>` - The log level used by the Argo CD Application Controller component. Valid options are `debug`, `info`, `error`, and `warn`.

|`nodePlacement` |Defines `NodeSelectors` and `Tolerations` for Argo CD workloads.|`__<empty>__`
a|* `<nodeSelector>` - 	A map of key-value pairs for node selection.
  * `<tolerations>` - Tolerations allow pods to create a schedule for nodes with matching taints.

|`oidcConfig` |The OIDC configuration as an alternative to Dex.|`__<empty>__` |

> |`repositoryCredentials`    |Git repository credential templates to configure Argo CD to use upon creation of the cluster.| `__<empty>__` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`repositoryCredentials`    |Git repository credential templates to configure Argo CD to use at cluster creation.| `__<empty>__` |
```

Author: Fixed.

|`prometheus` |Prometheus configuration options.|`__<object>__`
a|* `<enabled>` - Toggle Prometheus support globally for Argo CD.
  * `<host>` - The hostname to use for `Ingress` or `Route` resources.
  * `<ingress>` - Toggles ingress for Prometheus.
  * `<route>` - Route configuration options.
  * `<size>` - The replica count for the Prometheus `StatefulSet`.

|`rbac` |RBAC configuration options.|`__<object>__`

> a|* `<defaultPolicy>` - The `policy.default` property in the `argocd-rbac-cm` config map. The name of the default role which Argo CD falls back to when authorizing API requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a|* `<defaultPolicy>` - The `policy.default` property in the `argocd-rbac-cm` config map. The name of the default role that Argo CD falls back to when authorizing API requests.
```

Author: Fixed.

>   * `<policy>` - The `policy.csv` property in the `argocd-rbac-cm` config map. CSV data containing user-defined RBAC policies and role definitions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `<policy>` - The `policy.csv` property in the `argocd-rbac-cm` config map. This property includes CSV data about user-defined RBAC policies and role definitions.
```

Author: Fixed.

>   * `<policyMatcher>` - The `policy.matchMode` property in the `argocd-rbac-cm` config map. There are two options for this property, 'glob' for glob matcher and 'regex' for regex matcher.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `<policyMatcher>` - The `policy.matchMode` property in the `argocd-rbac-cm` config map. This property has two options: 'glob' for glob matcher and 'regex' for regex matcher.
```

Author: Fixed.

|`image`    |The container image for all Argo CD components. This overrides the `ARGOCD_IMAGE` environment variable.|`argoproj/argocd` |

|`Import`    |Import configuration options for Argo CD.| `__<object>__`
a|* `<Name>` - The name of an `ArgoCDExport` resource from which data can be imported.

>   * `<Namespace>` - The namespace of `ArgoCDExport` resource is set to the same namespace as ArgoCD by default.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * `<Namespace>` - The namespace of `ArgoCDExport` resource. It is set to the same namespace as ArgoCD by default.
```

Author: Fixed.

>   * `<Namespace>` - The namespace of `ArgoCDExport` resource is set to the same namespace as ArgoCD by default.

Reviewer: From:
- The namespace of `ArgoCDExport` resource is set to the same namespace as ArgoCD by default.

To:
- Namespace for the `ArgoCDExport` referenced by `name` field, above. If this field is not set, the namespace of `ArgoCDExport` resource is set to the same namespace as ArgoCD by default.

Author: Fixed.

|`ingress`    |Ingress configuration options.| `__<object>__` |

|`initialRepositories`    |Initial Git repositories to configure Argo CD to use upon creation of the cluster.|`__<empty>__` |

> |`monitoring`    |Defines the workload status monitoring configuration status for your instance.| `__<object>__`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`monitoring`    |Defines the workload status monitoring configuration for your instance.| `__<object>__`
```
This did not seem correct to me with both "status" words there. Is the meaning still same with my suggestion?

a|* `<disableMetrics>` - Configure this field to enable or disable the collection of metrics for your instance.
  * `<enabled>` - Indicates whether the workload status monitoring is enabled for your instance.

> |`notifications`    |Notifications controller configuration options.|`__<object>__`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`notifications`    |Notifications Controller configuration options.|`__<object>__`
```
I see the controllers capitalised throughout the GitOps docs. Should it be capitalized here as well?

Author: Fixed.

> a|* `<enabled>` - The toggle to start the notifications-controller.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
a|* `<enabled>` - The toggle to start the Notifications Controller.
```

Reviewer 3: For consistency

>   * `<env>` -  Environment to set for the notification controller workloads.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * `<env>` -  Environment to set for the Notifications Controller workloads.
```

Author: Fixed.

  * `<image>` - The container image for all Argo CD components. This overrides the `ARGOCD_IMAGE` environment variable.
  * `<version>` - The tag to use with the Notifications container image.

>   * `<replicas>` - The number of replicas to be executed for the Notifications controller.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * `<replicas>` - The number of replicas to be executed for the Notifications Controller.
```
Same question about the controller as above.

Author: Fixed.

  * `<resources>` - The container compute resources.
  * `<logLevel>` - The log level used by the Argo CD Application Controller component. Valid options are `debug`, `info`, `error`, and `warn`.

|`repositoryCredentials`    |Git repository credential templates to configure Argo CD to use upon creation of the cluster.| `__<empty>__` |

> |`initialSSHKnownHosts`    |Defines Initial SSH Known Hosts data for Argo CD to use upon creation of the cluster for connecting Git repositories by SSH.| `__<default_Argo_CD_Known_Hosts>__`

Reviewer 3: Upstream, I always see the word "Initial" at the beginning of the title/sentence. Therefore, it is always capitalized there. But should it be really capitalized if it is in the middle of the sentencE? Is it part of the name? Because I see "SSH Known Hosts" without "initial" as well. therefore, I think it should be:

```suggestion
|`initialSSHKnownHosts`    |Defines initial SSH Known Hosts data for Argo CD to use upon creation of the cluster for connecting Git repositories by SSH.| `__<default_Argo_CD_Known_Hosts>__`
```

Author: That is a fair explanation @eromanova97. I will change the content as per your suggestion.

a|* `<Excludedefaulthosts>` - Indicates whether you want to add the default list of SSH Known Hosts provided by Argo CD.
  * `<keys>` - Describes a custom set of SSH Known Hosts that you want to incorporate into your Argo CD server.

|`kustomizeBuildOptions`    |The build options and parameters to use with `kustomize build`.|`__<empty>__` |

> |`kustomizeVersions`    |Defines a list of `Kustomize` versions that have been configured in the Argo CD Repo Server Container Image.|`__<empty>__`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`kustomizeVersions`    |Defines a list of `Kustomize` versions that have been configured in the Argo CD repo server container image.|`__<empty>__`
```

I feel like GitOps is somethimes very inconsistent with capitalization. Should those be really capitalized?

Author: I think we can use lowercase in this instance.

a|* `<path>` - The path of the `Kustomize` version in the file system of the Argo CD Repo Server container image.

>   * `<version>` - The `Kustomize` version in the `vX.Y.Z` format configured in the Argo CD Repo Server container image.

Reviewer 3: Same question here about the capitalization.

Author: Yeah, let us stick to lowercase.

|`oidcConfig` |The OIDC configuration as an alternative to Dex.|`__<empty>__` |

|`nodePlacement` |Defines `NodeSelectors` and `Tolerations` for Argo CD workloads.|`__<empty>__`

> a|* `<NodeSelector>` - 	A map of key value pairs for node selection.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
a|* `<NodeSelector>` - 	A map of key-value pairs for node selection.
```

Author: Fixed.

  * `<Tolerations>` - Tolerations allow pods to create a schedule for nodes with matching taints.

|`prometheus` |Prometheus configuration options.|`__<object>__`

> a|* `<enabled>` - Toggle Prometheus support globally for Argo CD.

Reviewer 3: The line below this one (I cannot make a comment there:
from:
* `<host>` - The hostname to use for Ingress or Route resources.
to:
* `<host>` - The hostname to use for `Ingress` or `Route` resources.

Author: Fixed.

> a|* `<enabled>` - Toggle Prometheus support globally for Argo CD.

Reviewer 3: Also for line below:
from:
 * `<ingress>` - Toggles Ingress for Prometheus.
 to:
 * `<ingress>` - Toggles ingress for Prometheus.

Author: Fixed.

|`rbac` |RBAC configuration options.|`__<object>__`
a|* `<defaultPolicy>` - The `policy.default` property in the `argocd-rbac-cm` config map. The name of the default role which Argo CD falls back to when authorizing API requests.
  * `<policy>` - The `policy.csv` property in the `argocd-rbac-cm` config map. CSV data containing user-defined RBAC policies and role definitions.

>   * `<policyMatcher>` - The `policy.matchMode` property in the `argocd-rbac-cm` ConfigMap. There are two options for this property, 'glob' for glob matcher and 'regex' for regex matcher.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * `<policyMatcher>` - The `policy.matchMode` property in the `argocd-rbac-cm` config map. There are two options for this property, 'glob' for global matcher and 'regex' for regex matcher.
```
Again, see the object references in OpenShift.

|`server` |Argo CD Server configuration options.|`__<object>__`
a|* `<autoscale>` - Server autoscale configuration options.
  * `<extraCommandArgs>` - List of arguments added to the existing arguments set by the Operator.
  * `<grpc>` - gRPC configuration options.
  * `<host>` - The hostname used for `Ingress` or `Route` resources.
  * `<ingress>` - Ingress configuration for the Argo CD server component.
  * `<insecure>` - Toggles the insecure flag for Argo CD server.
  * `<resources>` - The container compute resources.
  * `<replicas>` - The number of replicas for the Argo CD server. Must be greater than or equal to `0`. If `autoscale` is enabled, `replicas` is ignored.
  * `<route>` - Route configuration options.
  * `<service.Type>` - The `serviceType` used for the service resource.
  * `<logLevel>` - The log level to be used by the Argo CD server component. Valid options are  `debug`, `info`, `error`, and `warn`.
  * `<logFormat>` - The log format used by the Argo CD server component. Valid options are `text` and `json`.
  * `<env>` - Environment to set for the server workloads.

>   * `<enabled>` - The flag to enable Argo CD server during Argo CD installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `<enabled>` - The flag to enable Argo CD server during the Argo CD installation.
```

Author: Fixed.

|`resourceInclusions` |The configuration to identify which resource group/kinds are applied.|`__<empty>__` |

> |`ResourceTrackingMethod` |The field used by Argo CD to monitor of its managed resources.|`__<label>__` |

Reviewer: Should begin with lowercase letter, here, and all other fields in this document that begin with uppercase letters.

Author: Fixed.

> |`ResourceTrackingMethod` |The field used by Argo CD to monitor of its managed resources.|`__<label>__` |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`ResourceTrackingMethod` |The field used by Argo CD to monitor its managed resources.|`__<label>__` |
```

Author: Fixed.

|`server` |Argo CD Server configuration options.|`__<object>__`
a|* `<autoscale>` - Server autoscale configuration options.

>   * `<extraCommandArgs>` - List of arguments added to the existing arguments set by the Operator.

Reviewer 3: Again, for the lines below where I cannot add comments:
from:
  * `<host>` - The hostname used for Ingress or Route resources.
  to:
  * `<host>` - The hostname used for `Ingress` or `Route` resources.

Author: Fixed.

>   * `<logLevel>` - The log level to be used by the Argo CD Server component. Valid options are  `debug`, `info`, `error`, and `warn`.

Reviewer 3: Again I see the inconsistencies in capitalization. Previous lines have: `Argo CD server`, but here we have: `Argo CD Server`. These small inconsistencies should be addressed in the docs.

Author: Fixed.

>   * `<logFormat>` - The log format used by the Argo CD Application Controller component. Valid options are `text` or `json`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * `<logFormat>` - The log format used by the Argo CD Application Controller component. Valid options are `text` and `json`.
```
Just a small nit.

Author: Fixed.

> |`usersAnonymousEnabled` |Enable anonymous user access.|`true` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`usersAnonymousEnabled` |Enables anonymous user access.|`true` |
```

Author: Fixed.
